What the hell was I thinking when I said I'd
become that freaky little kid's familiar?
The town of Axel... I'm pretty sure
that's where I can find Lady Wolbach.
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Episode 11: The Explosion Girl and the Forest Irregularity
Fireball!
It's 5,000 eris for each one,
so this 15,000 total.
Two more and we'll get a bonus of 10,000...
We should move on to the woods.
Already?
Fighting these bottom-feeders isn't
doing much to raise our levels.
I believe we should focus on efficiency.
H-Hey there, boss man...
See you tomorrow.
See you tomorrow, boss man!
Hey, you wanna look for a
different job tomorrow?
I don't think I'm cut out for manual labor.
What are you whining about now?
This is the problem with you shut-in NEETs.
I am not.
Nothing good comes of quitting
a job you just got.
Come on, let's take our pay,
wash off in the bath,
eat something yummy, and give
it another shot tomorrow!
Megumin? Something wrong?
Oh, no.
Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid,
stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid!
How stupid do you have to be to pick a fight
with a huge colony like this,
just for the payout?!
Just who are you calling stupid?!
Are you trying to start a fight?!
Very well! Consider that challenge accepted!
Duck and cover, Yunyun!
Explosion!
Hey, human. You alive?
Looks like you're awake.
Yes...
So, I'm looking for a giant,
ebon magic beast and—
You... Those eyes...
I am called Host!
And I am not a giant goblin,
but a high-ranked demon,
and he who will be in the employ
of a certain kid someday!
How'd you like my little introduction?
You Crimson Demons love this kinda...
You encountered a high-ranked
demon in the woods?
Yes. He said he was looking for
a giant, ebon magic beast...
I think I might know what he's talking about.
It's a very dangerous monster
that's called a Rookie Slayer.
Why would this demon be
searching for it, though?
I appreciate you two sharing this with me.
This is a very dangerous situation...
This sure has escalated, hasn't it?
We ran into him at an unfortunate time.
Considering I had just spent
all my magic power...
Otherwise, I could have given
him a rather incendiary hello!
Stop it! I don't think there's
any beating that thing.
That demon seems like he could
even withstand explosion magic.
Should I interpret that as a challenge?
Very well! Let's change our plans for
tomorrow and head back to the woods—
No way! I am not going back to the woods!
If you want to do it, do it yourself!
We need a priest for our group!
Any mages around? If you can make
potions, we could use your help!
I've got some complimentary potions here.
What a relief!
Since the entire guild is getting
involved, I wanted to help out.
You might not do a lot of business, pretty
lady, but your potions really hit the spot.
If you're feeling generous, how about a date?
Huh? All gone already?
I'll head to the shop and bring some more!
Guess we'll eat first.
We're counting on you!
I'm gonna need to buy more ingredients...
Guess I'll be eating bread crusts and
drinking sugar water for a while.
Things seem quite lively!
Well, the guild wants to
hunt this demon down...
Wait, Megumin! What are you so excited about?
You saw how scary he was!
We don't even get monsters that
dangerous back home at the village!
If you're feeling worried,
by all means, you can wait here.
They're offering a reward just
for participating in the hunt.
There's no way I'm missing an
opportunity to get paid just for
hanging around at the back of a crowd.
Well, i-if you're going,
I can't let you do it alone...
Did you say something? I'm sure you did.
Go on, let's hear it a bit more loudly!
I know you heard me!
You heard me and just want me
to say it again, don't you?!
Granted, I'm not purely
in this for the reward.
Think for a second.
A striking performance here
will have people begging us to join their
parties, and not the other way around.
We'll be fighting off offers!
Fireball!
Well, damn!
Impressive.
Isn't that girl... you know, the one
who's always playing cards
in a corner of the guild?
Very impressive, Yunyun.
What the?!
Clear a path!
It's him! The hero with the cursed
sword who was taking point!
Let me down! I can still fight!
I can't give up... Not now!
Please, don't talk!
I'm not done... I can still fight!
A hero with a cursed sword got beat...
It's no good. There's no way we can do this!
Put me down!
It's as strong as one of the
Devil King's Army generals!
Retreat!
Retreat now! Everybody, fall back!
Please! Damn it!
I've been informed how
the hunt went, everyone.
It seems this is quite the dangerous foe.
And the famed cursed sword adventurer
has apparently been seriously injured.
The bottom line is, if he got beaten
that badly, none of us stand a chance.
You guys are the toughest party
in town! Is it really that bad?
Well, a couple dozen from our main
fighting force have been injured,
and even with the priests using
healing magic and potions on them...
It'll be a while before we can try again.
So what now?! We just wait around
for this thing to kill us?!
Is there really nothing we can do?
I can think of one possible solution!
There's someone who registered
as an adventurer recently...
And, apparently, Axel is now
host to an expert exorcist
with the rare class of arch priest!
What?!
You mean the one said to be
the natural enemy of all demons?
Wait, if they just registered,
they'd still only be level 1, right?
But here's the interesting thing.
With a few exceptions, all of
her stats are off the charts!
Not only that, but she's
such a gifted arch priest,
she already knows all the class skills!
Are you serious?
She may even be able to beat that demon...
The only problem is, I haven't
seen her around the guild lately.
I think she's still in town, but...
Hey, what's she look like?!
We've gotta find this arch priest,
so give us a description!
She has striking blue hair...
and beauty akin to a goddess!
They all ran off, huh?
What do you think?
Should we look for her, too?
They seem desperate enough
to find her in short order.
I'm feeling exhausted, for some reason...
Really?
I think I'll stick around a bit longer.
Oh, I see. Waiting to be scouted
by another party, is that it?
That's not it, I swear!
Sure, sure, just don't stay
out too late tonight.
Got it! Don't worry, I'll be back before dawn.
Sooner than that, please!
Find the blue-haired goddess!
Hey!
Would you pay attention?! Thanks to you,
I dropped my pay, and now that's
10,000 eris all over the ground!
Hurry and pick it up already!
And if I find any missing,
you'll be making up the difference!
L-Look, I'm sorry.
But that definitely doesn't
look like a whole 10,000 eris.
Wait, your hair...
What?! You got a problem?
It couldn't be...
She's kinda shabby-looking, too...
And I doubt high-ranked clergy
would try to scam someone like this.
You say something?!
No! And anyway, I'm in a hurry!
You can have this, so let me go!
Awesome! I really used my head this time!
Come on, help me pick up the
cash that's on the ground!
Wait, why are you crying?
It's just... you're a such a...
No. There's no way that's her.
Welcome home, Megumin!
Would you like to take a bath? Or take me?
Or take the Axis Sect into your life?
There are a lot of questions
I could ask you, miss...
It's Cecily!
I think it's time we consider
moving our relationship
to the stage where we
call each other by name.
What are you doing here, miss?
It's Cecily!
And, well, that's a bit of a long story...
Explaining would be a drag, so let's just
say it was Divine Aqua's providence.
That's no explanation at all.
And how did you even get in
here when it was locked?
To be honest... I'm in need
of your help, Megumin.
I hope you don't think you can fool
me by acting serious all of a sudden.
Father Zesta heard the
goddess Aqua's holy voice.
"My name is Aqua."
"Yes, the patron deity of the
Axis Order, Aqua the goddess!"
"And if you believe in me..."
"I'd appreciate it if I could
borrow some money!"
...it said.
Well, every bit of that sounds suspicious.
Not only that, but he heard the
voice from right here in Axel.
And so, the Axis Order's beautiful priest
was dispatched to investigate
the source of this oracle.
Your sect really must have
nothing better to do.
But after coming here, I think I understand
part of what the oracle was about.
I hear this place is being threatened
by the enemies of our order—a demon.
So I've come to interpret the oracle
as orders for me to use the
order's funds to hire people
so that they can kill the demon
who has appeared in this town.
That seems like a very
liberal interpretation.
And could you move, please?
This is my room, and that's my bed—
The first thing that came to mind
after getting to town was...
the help of one who'd been our ally before...
and that's you, Megumin.
Whatever! I don't care anymore!
Just get out of there, now!
There are so few Axis faithful in town!
The local church is barely functioning,
so I can't afford to hire anyone else!
I don't care! I sincerely don't care!
And I would rather have nothing
to do with you people ever again!
And for pity's sake,
stop trying to sniff my sheets!
Stop panting!
I have 5,000,000 for you
if you'll help me find the arch priest
that's supposed to live here.
And if we slay the demon,
I'll make it 10,000,000.
I'm in.
Hey, any luck? You find her?
Nothing! Although I did see a drunk
street performer with blue hair.
Damn it, where did that amazing
blue-haired arch priest get to?
Do you really think it's
likely we'll find someone
that they've already scoured the town for?
We're dealing with an arch priest.
Could she be praying in a church?
Or maybe she's at a public cemetery,
helping lost souls find rest?
If it were me...
First, I'd rush the public bath so
that I can get in before anyone else,
then munch on some fried frogs
washed down with crimson beer,
then get into a brawl with the drunks who
lash my luscious body
with their lascivious looks,
and finally toss rocks at the local
Eris church, and go home satisfied!
I was a fool to even ask you.
Come on, Megumin!
We can search tomorrow! Tonight,
let's hit the baths together!
We can wash each other!
I can go home if you don't intend to find her.
What is this?
I thought it was extremely unlikely
that such a powerful arch priest
would be a member of the Axis sect,
so visiting an Eris church might be—
Open the hell up!
We know you're hiding this arch priest
that can take care of this demon hunt!
Open the damn door unless
you want it kicked in!
There's no one like that there!
This church reserves the right to bar
members of the Axis sect from entering!
Please leave, now!
Megumin, you're up. Go ahead and
obliterate this church, please.
I will do no such thing!
This is already annoying enough. Please
don't make it any more complicated...
Strike!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Out!
Are you insane?! What in the world
motivated you to do such a thing?!
To be honest, it is a little odd!
I've been feeling weirdly
excited ever since I got here!
Maybe it's a blessing
from holy Aqua herself?
If that's her idea of a blessing,
then if I ever encounter this goddess Aqua,
the first thing I do will be to attack her.
Wh-What is it?!
Megumin, you seriously screamed, "Hwah!"
How absolutely adorable!
Okay, okay, I'm sorry! I won't do it again!
Shall we turn around on three?
Sounds good. We'll turn
around at the same time,
and if there's anything there,
we fight it together.
Okay?
Understood.
One, two...
Hey! This isn't what we agreed on!
I should be saying that!
I am technically your boss
on this outing, you realize!
I haven't been paid yet!
And I'm helping you find someone,
not acting as your bodyguard!
Things sure have gotten pretty
lively around Axel lately.
Yunyun...
Thanks. You're trying to
cheer me up, aren't you?
I thought about going home, of course!
It's just, then I thought,
"What if someone shows up to ask
me to join them after I've left?"
And then I couldn't leave!
You seem really tired too, Megumin.
I've just been rather busy...
Hey there, Crimson Demon gals.
You two are arch wizards, right?
Yes, we are. Can I help you?
My name is Rex, and we've cooked
up a pretty great plan.
But we're gonna need some
spell casters to pull it off.
So, would you like to work with us?
Sleep!
That was really impressive, Yunyun!
How about it? You wanna join our party?
You want me?
Well, we can discuss it
in detail back at town.
First, let's drag this thing
back and celebrate!
O-Okay!
Since the demon is looking for a black
magic beast, it's gotta be this thing.
Once it's caged up, maybe the demon
will approach us to negotiate.
Something... seems off about this.
There you are!
What the hell did you punks
do to Lady Wolbach?!
Lady Wolbach!
H-Hey, Megumin! Aren't we in
serious trouble right now?!
Shh! Let's evaluate the situation
while slowly getting some distance.
Whoa, now, this is just a Rookie Slayer.
Hey, you two!
I rushed here because I caught the
familiar scent of Lady Wolbach...
So how come I can smell it on you two?
I'm certain now. This demon is
after my familiar, Chomusuke!
Seems to be particularly strong on you, too.
Well? Care to explain?
Come to think of it, you're the Crimson
Demons I saw in the forest, right?
There's no way that you
don't know Lady Wolbach.
Wh-Why do you all seem to call my
Chomusuke this bizarre name, "Wolbach"?
I'm sure you've got the wrong cat!
If you'd like, I can get you
another cute black kitten!
So, please, stop harassing my Chomusuke!
Chomusuke? What's that supposed to be?
Actually, I've heard the name before...
I think the shrimp mentioned it.
Come to think of it,
you kinda look like her...
What shrimp?
I don't wanna get into a beef
with any Crimson Demons.
Think of it as a deal. You hand Lady
Wolbach over, and I won't harm you.
Or the town, for that matter.
You expect us to believe a demon?!
Demons always deliver on a deal.
They're absolute for us,
and totally unbreakable.
So, what's it gonna be?
What do we do? Make a deal with that demon?
I'm not sure yet.
But if handing the furball over actually
resolves this, it might be a good idea.
You can't believe what that demon says!
Besides, I know they say
this town is for beginners,
but there are plenty of proper adventurers.
I'm sure someone...
Next Episode Preview
Episode 12: "An Explosion on This Wonderful World!"
Big trouble, Megumin!
Extremely big trouble!
Crimson Demons accept any
and all challengers!
We're taking him down!
I think you're cool, Megumin. And amazing.
N-Next time, for your wonderful
world, we'll have an...
Explosion!